hey guys it's so cal golfer in fact
wrestling calm with RVD don't even have
to introduce you we know who you are
it's Rob nice and damp here for the
whole effin review and today we've got
series 6 of our deluxe impact wrestling
action figures and you know we have to
get the ladies involved a beautiful miss
Madison Rayne her very first action
figure Rob would you like to do the
honors we're gonna take an in-depth look
at this action figure rain oh great
we're making it rain not a supreme I
find the the photo of Madison Rayne
glory I don't want to rip it I like I
think it's very good oh you never really
careful to rip not rip around that
beautiful picture cuz I'm gonna look at
that later it's time I cut that out oh
okay get on your wall no open in my wall
in Wow speaking of hot take a look this
action find us some more pictures
everything okay so boom here we go
here's the deal this is a timepiece
because this is uh from when obviously
Madison Rayne and Angelina Love were the
Beautiful People the beautiful people
yeah something about a steeple something
right people she's blond here now
obviously she's a brunette not as she
used to be apparently will bossier these
days but um if you pull a string on her
back to see squeal like in the ring no
no we don't want that we do see we don't
need them no that's what but anyway cool
beautiful people she got the pants she
got the rain she got the habit a bat
tattoo and there's some on the inner
rest here just like in real life yeah
did we share a locker room so I get to
see all these in person so I can
personally tell you that it looks just
the same in person to share any tattoos
no no I'm not telling it's waiting on a
lot of the Knockouts locker room are oh
ok so i believe i think i heard this
might be Madison Rayne very first action
figure a very first ever so obviously
you got to add this to your collection
because her next one she's gonna have
leg shorter
our hair and as you said be not as nice
nope still hot still hot though
beautiful people watch where you're
touching that thing Rob are you watch
where I'm be careful what do you want me
to touch her what this is visit a family
show this is barely show you got to get
these guys Madison trains first action
figure like you said collectible
especially because of the blond hair and
she's a different look now but of course
the TNA Knockouts are very very special
action because there's only a couple
right there's only a few got it yourself
on Madison Rayne and these toys are
available at toys r s toy stores
worldwide and of course on shop DNA calm
so thanks for tuning in to the whole f'n
review we've got more coming up this
year angelina love and then you got the
whole tagging said they might find
Beautiful People the beautiful people at
all something steeple RVD thornado I
don't know yes you do anyway go buy
yourself of Madison right action figure
from the deluxe impact wrestling series
six